give us a countdown Dustin zero go okay
what is this green person get away from
me when you say cut that out inside of
the video that should be the title
monetization who keep green you're going
down are you king dude you're gonna lie
they'll have to get to my base why
didn't you know
[Applause]
okay I'll bet you do try not to get
fired just run the green there's no
green agrees oh that was not a whole
dare come on I'm on fire
what the crap okay Oh Frick dude just
run just run just run oh I'm going I'm
the pac-man JP oh I'm the safety
inspector and it's like she tries to
turn around but it looks like he took on
the trackpad so he's like oh my gosh
let me come reinforce you Oh who still
has Xbox 360 what the crap I just
glitched and Phil uh-oh
green red I can't I'm colorblind what is
this okay what what's happening wait get
Piedra oh my gosh wait what the heck oh
they got sharpest sword how could we
give up
how could leave them to me my strategy
is to jump in the air
I sacrifice myself and I've gone for
them quit do it now yellow coming for
[Applause]
[Music]
six blocks I just destroyed six blocks
who killed them
I'm going red because they dude you're
in second place with 25 kills I could
speak Italian I'm wait that's French
we got one diamond generator oh yes we
got both you can just have taken oh yeah
take the diamonds take the diamonds take
the diamonds and just leave on let's go
dude I went down with my wolf
jvr Savr dude they are crossing me no no
no no they're fighting each other
they're not go that guy didn't fight
them how do you even get over there no
there were two people there were two
people
what do you do hello there's a piss oh
where is he where doesn't crap you want
to try that again
huh you want to try that again Oh Frank
you're right there isn't it this you
just blew up our iron golem I don't
watch roll out trap triggered three
pieces I killed him dude come to yell
come to you come to yell Oh what the
what nope it was just spectators oh yes
okay that's scared the living crap
that's good they looking crap out if not
you got a lemon I don't even know why
not gonna come to us one of their names
is my mouse is bad what happened dragons
we got some are these unbreakable
with a fire charge your lime
oh these oh dude whoa comet Juke our
most fell
it doesn't even matter I have a bunch of
ID's shoot him from a side angle oh oh
she just wears this she just fell off
big frickin made it so that you have to
hold the balls for longer if you want
the veggie just disappear together felt
he felt to be one should we go for the
last one so we go for Massimo what play
I'm holding my not my KB stick just in
case big gap love a good tracker give me
a sec dude great right there
turn on record that's not cool okay
we're gonna do it at middle I have a
golden apple at 4 in case you need one I
have 15 flick his move where he just
moves he's under us who's under us
ok you want to get in this sword sword
oh it's right there
dudu nice nice spotting him
[Music]